hey guys well it's been a while since
I've done a YouTube video I sold the
Mazda just pick this up through some air
ride into it in the past few days here
it's a s10 pickup we're gonna redo all
this this is actually gonna be my daily
driver truck and slowly I'm gonna make
it into a show truck here paint jobs not
the best we're gonna do two-tone black
and silver got 18 inch rims on it right
now
Scott shaved door handles the shaved
tailgate the small LED tail lights those
are coming out we're gonna do
Cadillac taillights in the back there's
the air ride right there the big air
tank
we just finished throwing all the air
right in just all slap together for
right now just so I could get it here
everybody's been mentioning about the
orange brake drums there they are gonna
get painted satin block back windows
have been shaved
I'll show you guys the inside but the
inside is nothing special at the moment
it's all been torn apart and everything
like that it's got a custom-built air
cleaner in it there it is there it's
kind of cool
came with the truck so I'm gonna keep it
like that for now once the motor dies in
this we're gonna do a 350 in it not that
I plan on having a die anytime soon but
you never know
this truck we're gonna throw for tens in
the back I'll be running the LPI in a
w900
deck with navigation we're gonna put the
amps mold it into the back windows where
they were shaved I got a whole bunch of
component speakers coming from Alpine
it's gonna be a whole Alpine truck so
that's what I've got so far and this
truck is gonna be a lot better than the
B 2200 I just I was getting sick of
trying to find parts for it and
everything and s tens are dime a dozen
so I can get lots of parts for it and I
have a garage full of parts for it I'm
going to do a small small cowl induction
hood on it possibly a moon roof the tail
taillights are definitely going to be
one of the next big ones I don't like
the license plate holder where it is so
we're gonna do one shaved into the
actual tailgate there
we're gonna once the trucks repainted
it's all gonna get the undercoat redone
box liners gonna go back in because I
got to take out all that spray in box
liner the whole truck is from front to
back gonna be all Dyna matted and
tonneau cover is gonna go on all the
LEDs underneath the truck will go in
I got a fiberglass the whole box and
mold everything into the box reshape the
wheel tubs and then she'll be good to go
once the paint jobs all done so I'll do
some more videos with some progress and
stuff like that but that's how she sits
right now the truck right now actually
lays frame I've just got it aired up in
the front so I'll have to do some drag
blocks on the back and stuff like that
because I do plan on drag in the back of
the truck so that's how that's what I've
got right now guys I'm gonna actually be
doing a free giveaway here not too too
far down the road here probably be in
September I'm gonna do a fiberglass sub
box and give it away to one of my
viewers and hopefully they like it it'll
be a box for two tens all fiberglass
I will pick a winner and if you guys
leave a comment and stuff like that I'll
pick a winner from there I'll message
you and I'll build the box to what you
guys want and we'll go from there
thank you for watching and stay tuned
for more work